Um comentário é uma linha de texto que é inserida dentro do código apenas para elucidar um contexto para um (ou outros) programadores. Essa parte é essencial, uma vez que facilita o reencontro com um código específico no futuro.

Não podemos fazer comentários de múltiplas linhas aninhados. Isto é, não podemos fazer algo como:

```C++
/* Isso é um /* Comentário */ com aninhamento/*
```

## Uso próprio de comentários.
-> Descrever o propósito de um programa, função ou algo do gênero.
	Exemplos:
	- // This program calculates the student's final grade based on their test and homework scores.
	- // This program calculates the student's final grade based on their test and homework scores.
-> To describe the steps that the program will take to accomplish some task.
-> Describe why the code is doing its steps.
Exemplo Ruim:
```C++
// Set sight range to 0
sight = 0;
```
Exemplo Bom:
```C++
// The player just drank a potion of blindness and can not see anything
sight = 0;
```

Exemplo Ruim:
```C++
// multiplies price by two.
price = 2 * storePrice * quantity
```

Exemplo Bom:
```C++
// multiplies price by two, because this item is acquired in pairs.
price = 2 * storePrice * quantity
```

-> Use comments to remind yourself why you solve this problem in a certain way. Remember, there are many ways of solving some problem, then why you choose this way.

-> A tool to use to help make documentation is [[Doxygen]]

### Commenting out multiple lines of code.
Some occasions it is convenient to temporally comment some piece of code to:
-> Compile the code that is already running, while ignoring some part of the code that is not finished.
-> You don't have the time to fix your code and you want it to not affect the current state of the project.
-> Isolate some kind of error in your code.
-> You want to replace a piece of code, but don't want to delete it.

By using the multiple line commenting is convenient to use outside the scope of functions, since nested ones can invoke compile error.
